Docs: azurerm_resource_group_template_deployment show passing variables (#10939)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/resource_group_template_deployment.html.markdown

## Example Usage

```hcl
locals {
  vnet_name = "example-vnet"
}

resource "azurerm_resource_group_template_deployment" "example" {

>   name                = "lgtest1"

Reviewer: could we revert this
```suggestion
  name                = "example-deploy"
```

  resource_group_name = "example-group"
  deployment_mode     = "Complete"
  parameters_content  = jsonencode({
    "vnetName" = {
      value = local.vnet_name
    }
  })

>   template_content    = <<TEMPLATE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  template_content = <<TEMPLATE
```

{
    "$schema": "https://schema.management.azure.com/schemas/2015-01-01/deploymentTemplate.json#",
    "contentVersion": "1.0.0.0",
    "parameters": {
        "vnetName": {
            "type": "string",
            "metadata": {
                "description": "Name of the VNET"
            }
        }
    },
    "variables": {},
    "resources": [
        {
            "type": "Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks",
            "apiVersion": "2020-05-01",

>             "name": "acctest-network",

Reviewer 2: for the purposes of this example we should probably use this too, e.g.

```suggestion
            "name": "[variables("vnetName")]",
```

Author: Agree, good call.

* `debug_level` - (Optional) The Debug Level which should be used for this Resource Group Template Deployment. Possible values are `none`, `requestContent`, `responseContent` and `requestContent, responseContent`.

> * `parameters_content` - (Optional) The contents of the ARM Template parameters file - containing a JSON list of parameters. See example for how to pass in Terraform Variable to an ARM parameter.

Reviewer 2: Let's make this a blue box:

```suggestion
* `parameters_content` - (Optional) The contents of the ARM Template parameters file - containing a JSON list of parameters.

-> An example of how to pass Terraform variables into an ARM Template can be seen in the example.
```
